Update README.md (#1)
DE-RSE/un-deRSE23-breakouts: README.md

*Please make sure that your break-out session ideas are understandable to everyone. We come from different fields. Use as little jargon as possible.* 
:information_desk_person:

> This will be a two-stage process: on **TBA** no more issues are accepted. Until **TBA** the existing proposals for a session can be discussed, merged, closed or finalized. We will decide on the final program based on what we have after this second deadline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will review proposals in a two-stage process. On **April 17** no more new issues are accepted. Until **April 28** the existing proposals for sessions can still be discussed, merged, closed, or finalized. We will decide on the final program based on what we have after this second deadline.
```
